In this lecture, we are going to create two important configuration classes, including a Web security
config class and an author server config class.
Collectively, they form the greatest part of the authorization server and ensures that the correct
user authentication mechanisms are applied and that the Jason Web token is generated using the specified
token generation and validation parameters.
Navigate to the configuration package and create a new class and call it web security config.
Let's add the configuration annotation to mark the Web security config clause as a configuration class,
then go ahead and add the enable web security annotation that will allow us to customize the Web security
config for our OS 2.0 authorization server also at the enable global message security annotation.
And said pre post enabled to true.
Now, let's extend Web security configure adapter that will allow us to override a number of methods.
We are going to use auto wired to inject our users service dependency and let's call our user service
dependency custom details service.
Now let's create a beam that returns the password in code.
Now, importantly, we need to make sure that this encoder that we return here is exactly the same as
the one we used to hash user passwords.
So create a new instance of secret password encoded with exactly the same strength, which is strength
12.
Now we are going to override a number of overloaded configure methods first, which override the configure
method that takes in the authentication Manager Baldor.
Go ahead and add the auto wad annotation, and then in this method, we are basically going to tell
the authorisation service to use our custom details service or use the service during authentication,
basically telling it to use our user data that is created and managed by our user MICRA services.
Now, let's override another configure method, one that takes in HTP security.
Here we are basically going to specify which request should be authorized.
Let's say any request should be authenticated and.
Session management.
And they said that sation create policy.
And session creation policy that never said basically the reason we are doing this is to open up the
north, to put authorisation server, to take in requests because it is actually responsible for creating
the JWT token and not for expecting it to override another configure method that takes in wave security.
And then we are going to say Web dot ignoring.
OK, now let's override the authentication manager being.
Also at the beon annotation.
Now let's create another beam that turns data exis object authentication provider.
Call it kit authentication provider.
And then here we need to instantiate a new D.A. authentication provider.
And then we are going to set the user detail service, which is our user detail service that we call
custom details service.
And that is so that it can use our password encoder, so said password in code, and then that will
be applied to our user data.
And that's why it was important to make sure that we use exactly the same strength for decrypt encoder.
Okay, so let's create a second configuration class.
The author server config class start by annotating it with the configuration annotation again and then
we are going to extend authorization server configure adapter.
Now this class is basically going to be responsible for generating the Jason Web token.
So let's add a few fields that we are going to need for the token generation.
Start with the client ID, then we also need a client secret
as well as a signing key
at a private integer field for the token validity in seconds and then another field for the refresh
token validity field also in seconds.
OK, so let's go ahead and open up our application or properties file.
We can go ahead and copy the contents of the application or properties file of the User Command API
pasted there.
They change our port to 884 and then the Mongar divi settings stays the same.
So let's add security dot oath to that client hyphen ID and then let's set that to Spring Bank client.
OK.
Now, go ahead and copy everything up until the client I.D. and the client hyphen secret and said that
to spring bank secret, now please use more complex values during production.
And then for a signing key, let's use Spring Bank signing key.
And then for token validity.
In seconds, they say that it's 300 seconds, which is five minutes, and then I refresh token validity
in seconds.
Copy that.
It's make that 1500 seconds.
OK.
Now, to tell the spring framework to use those values, we can add the value, annotation and the dollar
and then in curly brackets based that configuration field name.
Do the same for the client secret.
OK, just change the idea to secretly and then for signing, he will do simular.
Copy signing Keyport the.
OK, and then for token validity, the same copy that put the.
OK.
And finally, it's copy for Refresh Tolkan validity and ad refresh.
Life and Liberty in seconds.
OK, so now our config values will be mapped to our fields.
We now need to add a field for the authentication manager.
You can start by adding the Ottawa annotation, but also add a qualifier.
Annotation now or toward the loan isn't always enough to disambiguate dependencies, but you can wire
more accurately using the qualifier annotation and then set the name of the qualifier B, which is authentication
manager PIN.
And then let's create an authentication manager field.
Okay, let's create a bean that returns JWT X's token convert, the JWT access token converter is a
helper that translates between JWT encoded token values and OS authentication information.
It also acts as a token enhancer with tokens are granted.
So instantiate a new JWT access token to.
And then we are going to set a signing key, which is basically the signing key that we are getting
from our signing key field, which is coming from our application or property configuration file, and
then go ahead and return convertor.
We will create another being that returns JWT token store.
And the token store is going to return a new instance of J w t token store.
And then pass in the token convert to being.
OK, and then we are going to override a configure method that takes in authorisation server endpoints
configure.
And change that to end points dot authentication manager.
Pause in the authentication manager field and they dot tokens to passing the tokens to being the.
And then dot access token converter box in the token convert to being the.
OK, then override another configure method that takes an authorization server security configure.
Change that to security
dot tolkin key axis and then set it to permit all.
And they don't check token access, said that to is authenticated.
OK, and then override yet another configure method that takes in the client details service configure.
And change that to clients start in memory.
Start with client and sit the client ID field that secret, say, new secret password encoder again,
make sure it's straight 12 dot in code, pass the client secret.
The inside dot scope's say, read and write.
Then not authorized grant types.
Let's use Poshard Grant, comma, refresh toked, that is the two grant types that we want to support
and dot access token validity in seconds, passing the token validity field that comes from config and
passing the refresh token validity that also comes from our configuration files basically are applications
that properties file.
Let's go ahead and build our project.
And everything should build successfully.
OK, so now go ahead and run or debug your oath 2.0 authorization server.
They can see that it is raining on Port 884.
Now, before we can make a request or to point out authorization server, we need to get the base64
encoding of the client I.D. and client secret combination.
So copy Springburn client Kolon Spring Bank secret.
Now I'm using base64 encoded OK to do the encoding.
So copy the base64 encoded client, I declined secret combination.
And then let's make sure that we have a breakpoint in late user by user name and our user service.
Change the HDB verb to post and then your URL htp forward slash localhost 884, forward slash both forward
slash toked.
OK, that's our request urai.
And then add a basic authorization header with the key authorization.
Fairly basic space.
The Base 64 encoded client ID client secret combination.
Choose the form your are encoded body type for our grant type, let's use password.
Now remember in our auth server config that we specified that our grant types, that we support this
password and refresh token.
And then for the username, we are going to use John D. that's John Doe's username, if you recall correctly,
and for the password we made it password one where the P is capital, the A's and ET and the O is a
zero, OK?
And they hits our breakpoint and lead user by user name.
And there you can see that it returns John Doe's user record.
OK, you can see the pass is encrypted there and they are the rolls, OK?
And then it will actually authenticate the user.
And generate a JWT, this the access token and the type is a spirit, can we have a refresh token as
well that expires and 299 seconds retried scope.
And there's the jati I.
OK, and let's not try and use JND.
And her password was posted to like.
Again, there you'll see that it returns Jane Doe's user record with all of the details user name.
She's got repressively, just like you can see they and their returns at JWT for her as well.